AIOPS Assignment 1
1. What is AI-ops?
Ans: AIOps is a multi layered technology platform which automates and enhances the operations.

2. Why do we use Ai-ops?
Ans: We use AIOps to have end-end visibility into infrastrucrure and applications which improves performance monitoring and service delivery.

3. What is the difference between AI-ops and ML-ops?
Ans: Both are used to improve operational efficiency but with different goals wrt technologies and processes.

AI-ops is process where we automate the infrastructure required for the large scale application.

ML-ops is an ML engineering culture and practice that aims at unifying
    -ML system Development(Dev)
    -ML system Operation(Ops)- Automation and Monitoring
    
4. What do you mean by CI-CD?
Ans: It is a automation process where building, testing and deploying application can be automated to smoothen the collabration between the teams wrt each releases.

CI(Continous Integration): It no longer only about testing and validating code and components, data, data schemas and model must also be tested and validated.
CD(Continous Deployment): Its no longer about a single software package or service but about a system (an ML training pipeline) that automatically deploy another service.

5. What do you mean by Bash?
Ans: Its a unix shell, it is used to communicate to kernel and system to perform specific operations via providing respective commands. It provides us with an interface to the Unix system.
It gathers input from user and execute it and displays output.

6. What do you mean by kernels? Explain the functions of kernels.
Ans:Kernel is computer program at the core of an OS. It loads first and remains in main memory. It connects system h/w to application s/w.

The major functions of Kernel are,
1. Process management fo application execution
2. Momory and I/O management
3. System call control (Core act of Kernel)
4. Device management with the help of device driver.

7. What are the essential elements or components of Linux?
Ans:The components of Linux are,
1. Boot Loader
2. Kernel
3. Init System
4. Daemons
5. Graphical server
6. Desktop env
7. Applications
